DOCSP-33172 added meta description for top 250 pages in docs-node (#832)
mongodb/docs-node: source/quick-reference.txt

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. facet::
   :name: genre 
   :values: reference

.. meta:: 

>    :description: Node.js Driver syntax for several MongoDB commands and links to their related reference and API documentation.

Reviewer: Suggestion:

I think "code examples" could be more accurate than "syntax" since they use sample values rather than placeholders to demonstrate the function signatures.

```suggestion
   :description: See Node.js driver code examples of frequently-used MongoDB commands and links to their related reference and API documentation.
```
